hey everyone welcome back to my youtube
channel today's video is a product
review and today I'm going to be
reviewing the Tarte Amazonian clay
blushes and the one that I'm wearing
today is called blushing bride I don't
have um any eye makeup on because I'm
getting ready to film an eye makeup
tutorial but I did just put some blush
on after doing some other videos I
picked this particular blush because it
goes really nicely with my kind of light
wine colored turtleneck but on a daily
basis I usually don't use this
particular color it's a little bit more
Rose it's a little bit darker I usually
use one that I don't think you can buy
actually on its own it's called
adventurous and I love this color
so if anybody out there from Tarte is
watching please I'm begging you sell
this full size because it is like the
most gorgeous color I don't remember I
got it I think it was in some kind of
set over the holidays but it's just
amazing it's so beautiful it's like this
peachy pinky kind of color and for my
particular skin tone which is uber pale
it just looks fantastic on me all the
time I love it but since I was wearing
this term like tonight I decided to go
with blushing bride which is the first
individual blush that I bought by Tarte
and I just overall I love these blushes
I really like them because they are long
wearing I really like just about
everything by Tarte I stand by their
principles as a makeup company that they
use you know natural ingredients like
the Amazonian clay no animal testing I
have sensitive skin and I've never had
any kind of reaction to anything they
use so it's really great for not only my
skin but also for use in you know my
professional capacity when I'm working
on clients whether it's you know a bride
or
a model or an everyday woman for
whatever reason whether it's makeup
lessons boudoir shoots or you know
special occasions for anything I know
that I'm not gonna have to worry about
anybody having a reaction to any other
products from tarp because they're
fantastic
but back to the blush one of the reasons
why I really like it is because it's
really nice and long wearing they say
it's 12-hour on the back of this one
yeah
Amazonian clay 12-hour blush I know that
I've worn it for way longer than that
and I have found that on most other
blushes because I have very dry skin and
very fair skin the color just kind of
tends to a white boy and disappear
throughout the day not with this stuff
this stuff stays fresh and flush looking
formal when I put it on until when I
take it off at night and I have really
really long days back-to-back weddings
all day you know photo shoots
back-to-back clients even just my
everyday life I'm up I have two small
kids so I get ready in the morning and I
am go go go go go and so you know 11 or
12 every night when I'm collapsing into
bed so this stuff definitely stays put
where's really really beautifully I also
like that it has a little mirror in the
lid not a lot of blushes do that they
tend to be kind of more like this
obviously isn't a blush but you can see
it's like clear that's how I find that a
lot of blush containers are so that you
can see it
they have a mirror and they match so I
think that's a really cute concept I
don't know maybe it's just me I also
really like the blushing bride one
because you can kind of see it has this
really gorgeous kind of old shimmer to
it so it just gives us a really soft
glowy effect what that kind of various
kind of color they do have ones that are
matte that aren't all shimmery this one
has just the tiniest hint of shimmer to
it but it's not
Sparkle kind of shimmer which is more of
like what this Jimmer is like but they
have a bunch of different colors I don't
know how many I think what's different
online is from different from what that
Sephora but they have some really bright
colors which I love because I find that
those look really nice on all skin tones
I find that the brighter they are this
sheer that you put them on the easier
they are to go on all skin tones I find
that the more dull colors can kind of
just not work as well with skin tones so
I like using bright blushes very very
sheer because I find that I get the most
versatility I do so the Tarte ones are
really really perfect for that so I will
definitely be adding a lot more of these
to my professional kit I hope you
enjoyed my review of the Tarte Amazonian
clay 12-hour blushes again the color
that I use was blushing bride and if
they ever come out with adventurous or
if you can find the kit that I bought
that has adventurous in it so I
recommend going out and getting that
thank you very much for watching I hope
you come back for more product reviews
don't forget to do a thumbs up and like
it below and also subscribe to my
channel so that you can see more product
reviews and tutorials thank you so much
for watching have a great day and I'll
see you next time